I'm the super boss
I have a showdown.
Your bragging skills are first-class.
Have the ability to come up with some real evidence
Wind well
Ok yes sir
Your Majesty has ordered
So here's what we're going to do.
It's a whirlwind.
Grandpa because there is an abnormal luxury car outside
Looks expensive
They're all worth tens of millions
Hehe, you dragon show angel
Yunfeng
Smashed all the luxury cars outside the door for me and didn't leave one
Grandpa they are so smashed
Hey, it hurts.
If only you could keep one for me
Running into a rich crew filming
It's not impossible.
What's all the fuss about?
yufang
To Qingcheng Group's account immediately 10 billion